# Reference

<!-- DO NOT EDIT: This document was generated by Puppet Strings -->

## Table of Contents

### Classes

* [`ctdb`](#ctdb): Configure a cdtb cluster

## Classes

### `ctdb`

Using this class the necessities for getting a ctdb
cluster up and running should be within grasp.
It mostly makes sure the base necessities are met,
but some everyday settings are included.

Batteries are not.

Whether or not to check the gluster share. Shares are not system paths,
so when using gluster shares this must be set.

#### Examples

##### Minimum invocation

```puppet
class { 'ctdb':
  recovery_lock    => '/data/glusterfs/ctdb/lock',
}
```

##### A mostly full invocation

```puppet
class { 'ctdb':
  recovery_lock         => '/gluster/lock/lockfile',
  public_addresses      => '/usr/local/etc/ctdb.public.adresses',
  public_addresses_list => [
    '10.0.0.1 eth0',
    '10.0.0.3 eth0',
    '10.0.0.5 eth0',
    '10.0.0.7 eth0',
    '10.0.0.9 eth0',
    '1.2.3.4  eth1',
    '1.2.3.5  eth1',
  ],
  nodes                 => '/usr/local/etc/ctdb.nodes',
  nodes_list            => [
    '10.0.0.2',
    '10.0.0.4,
    '10.0.0.6,
    '10.0.0.8,
    '10.0.0.10,
  ],
  max_open_files        => 1000000,
  set_tdb_mutex_enabled => 1,
}
```

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `ctdb` class.

##### `recovery_lock`

Data type: `Stdlib::Absolutepath`

Some file path on a shared storage. This is requred.
Default for this module is /gluster/locki/lockfile -
but this is arbitrary. This needs to rest on a
filesystem shared by all cluster nodes.

##### `public_addresses`

Data type: `Optional[Stdlib::Absolutepath]`

File with a list of public addresses this host is
willing to hold. One per line in the form of:
  IPADDR/PREFIX IFNAME
eg.
  1.2.3.4/24 eth0
  1.8.8.8/30 eth0

##### `public_addresses_list`

Data type: `Optional[Array]`

The actual list (contents of public_addresses). An array
with one entry for each line in file.
If this array is not filled you *must* populate the file
yourself.
Example: ["1.2.3.4/24 eth0", "1.8.8.8/30 eth2"]

##### `nodes`

Data type: `Optional[Stdlib::Absolutepath]`

File with simple list on initial cluster members. One per line.
Default: /etc/ctdb/nodes

##### `nodes_list`

Data type: `Optional[Array]`

Array with list on initial cluster members.
Example: ["192.168.0.1", "192.168.0.2"]
These address must not overlap with the public addresses
in the sense that no one address can be the same, BUT
they can all be in the same subnet.

If this array is not given, you must populate the file
by yourself.

##### `manages_samba`

Data type: `Optional[Boolean]`

Whether or not to manage samba service. Default is no.

##### `manages_winbind`

Data type: `Optional[Boolean]`

Whether or not to manage winbind service. Default is no.

##### `manages_nfs`

Data type: `Optional[Boolean]`

Whether or not to manage NFS service. Default is no.

##### `max_open_files`

Data type: `Optional[Integer]`

Maximum number files to hold open.

##### `logging`

Data type: `Optional[String]`

Pseudo URL for where to log. Default is file:/var/log/log.ctdb
  file:/var/log/log.ctdb
  syslog:nonblocking
  syslog:udp-rfc5424
  syslog:udp

##### `debuglevel`

Data type: `Optional[Enum['ERR','WARNING','NOTICE']]`

Loglevel. Possible values are:
  - ERR
  - WARNING
  - NOTICE

  Default: NOTICE

##### `set_tdb_mutex_enabled`

Data type: `Optional[Integer]`

Enables TDB mutexes which are more efficient than posix locks,
if available. Use 0 or 1 as truthy value.

##### `samba_skip_share_check`

Data type: `Optional[Boolean]`



